timr-start(1) -- Start a new Task/Track.
===

## SYNOPSIS

timr start [<options>] [<task_id> [<track_id>]]

## DESCRIPTION

Always removes all Tracks from the Stack and creates a new Track. If there is another current running Task this Task will be stopped and removed from the Stack.

Without any options this command always creates a new Task and starts a new Track for this Task. When providing a Task ID (SHA1 hex) of an existing Task, this Task will be continued. When also providing a Track ID (SHA1 hex) the same Track message will be taken to create a new Track for the Task.

## TASK OPTIONS

* -n, --name <str>:
	The name of the new Task. When providing a <task_id> this option will be ignored.

* --description <str>:
	Longer description of the new Task. This should descibe the Task in general. Provide details by using `--message` option. When providing a <task_id> this option will be ignored.

* -e, --est, --estimation <time>:
	Task Estimation. See `timr-task(1)` for details.

* -r, --hourly-rate <value>:
	Set the Hourly Rate.

* --fr, --flat-rate, --flat:
	Has Task a Flat Rate?

## TRACK OPTIONS

* -m, --message <message>:
	Details about what you have done. This overwrites the <track_id> argument.

* --edit:
	Edit Track Message when providing a <track_id>. The EDITOR environment variable must be set.

* -d, --date <date>:
	Track Start Date. Default: today

* -t, --time <time>:
	Track Start Time. Default: now. This is useful when you forgot to run the Start command.

## GENERAL OPTIONS

* -h, --help:
	Displays the help page.

## ARGUMENTS

<task_id> - Task ID as SHA1 hex string. It can be the full 40 characters or only the first 6. If not specified a new Task will be created.

<track_id> - Track ID as SHA1 hex string. It can be the full 40 characters or only the first 6. If specified a new Track with the same message will be created.

## EXAMPLES

```
timr start
timr start --name my_task1
timr start --name my_task2 \
	--description 'This is a very long description.'
timr start --name my_task3 \
	--date 2017-01-02 --time 15:30 \
	--message 'Hello World'
timr start --name my_task4 --message 'Hello World'
timr start --name my_task5 --estimation 2h
timr start --message 'Hello World' abcd12
timr start --time 10:30 --message 'Hello World' abcd12
```
