timr-task(1) -- Show, add, edit, or remove a Task.
===

## SYNOPSIS

timr task [show] [<options>] [<task_id>...]

timr task add [<options>]

timr task set [<options>] <task_id>

timr task remove <task_id>...

## DESCRIPTION

This command takes several subcommands. Per default, when providing a Task ID it displays details about this specific Task. Without any arguments it lists all Tasks.

## SUBCOMMANDS

* add:
	Add a new Task.

* set:
	Edit an existing Task.

* show:
	Default when not providing a specific subcommand.

* remove:
	Delete a Task, all informations about this Task and all including Tracks. This cannot be undone.

## ADD/SET OPTIONS

* -n, --name <name>:
	Task Name.

* --desc, --description <str>:
	Task Description.

* -e, --est, --estimation <time>:
	Task Estimation. See details below.

* -b, --billed:
	Mark Task as billed.

* --unbilled:
	Mark Task as unbilled.

* -r, --hourly-rate <value>:
	Set the Hourly Rate.

* --no-hourly-rate:
	Unset Hourly Rate.

* --fr, --flat-rate, --flat:
	Has Task a Flat Rate?

* --no-flat-rate, --no-flat:
	Unset Flat Rate.

## SHOW OPTIONS

* -t, --tracks:
	Show a list of Track IDs for each Task.

## GENERAL OPTIONS

* -h, --help:
	Displays the help page.

## EXAMPLES

```
timr task
timr task abcd12
timr task show abcd12
timr task set --name 'task_x' --estimation '2h 30m'
timr task set --billed --hourly-rate 50 --flat-rate abcd12
timr task set --unbilled --no-hourly-rate --no-flat-rate abcd12
timr task add --name 'task_z' --estimation 4h \
	--hourly-rate 50 --flat-rate
timr task remove abcd12
```

## MAN UNITS

- 8 hours are 1 man-day.
- 5 man-days are 1 man-week, and so on.

## ESTIMATION

Estimation is parsed by chronic_duration.

Examples:

- `-e 2:10:5         # Sets Estimation to 2h 10m 5s.`
- `-e '2h 10m 5s'    # Sets Estimation to 2h 10m 5s.`

Use '+' or '-' to calculate with Estimation Times:

- `-e '-45m'         # Subtracts 45 minutes from the original Estimation.`
- `-e '+1h 30m'      # Adds 1 hour 30 minutes to the original Estimation.`

See chronic_duration for more examples.
https://github.com/henrypoydar/chronic_duration

## BILLED/UNBILLED

Set a Task as `billed` or `unbilled` to know which Task you already billed a client.

If a whole Task gets billed/unbilled all Tracks are changed to billed/unbilled. Each Track has a flag `is_billed`.
