timr-task(1) -- Show, add, edit, or remove a Task.
===

## SYNOPSIS

timr task [show] [<options>] [<id>|<task_id>...]

timr task add [<options>]

timr task set [<options>] <id>|<task_id>

timr task remove <id>|<task_id>...

## DESCRIPTION

This command takes several subcommands. Per default, when providing a Task ID it displays details about this specific Task. Without any arguments it lists all Tasks.

## SUBCOMMANDS

* add:
	Add a new Task.

* set:
	Edit an existing Task.

* show:
	Default when not providing a specific subcommand.

* remove:
	Delete a Task, all informations about this Task and all including Tracks. This cannot be undone.

## ADD/SET OPTIONS

* --id <str>:
	Your ID to identify the Task. Not just to use the internal Task ID as <task_id> but also if you like to use your own ID. For example, when you want to sync Timr with JIRA and use the JIRA IDs to identify Timr Tasks instead of the Timr internal IDs. This can be any string, but MUST NOT include spaces. Use this String for <task_id>. This ID is also called 'Foreign ID' by Timr (internal).

* -n, --name <name>:
	Task Name.

* --desc, --description <str>:
	Task Description.

* -e, --est, --estimation <time>:
	Task Estimation. See timr-ftime(7).

* -b, --billed:
	Mark Task as billed.

* --unbilled:
	Mark Task as unbilled.

* -r, --hourly-rate <float>:
	Set the Hourly Rate.

* --no-hourly-rate:
	Unset Hourly Rate.

* --fr, --flat-rate, --flat:
	Has Task a Flat Rate?

* --no-flat-rate, --no-flat:
	Unset Flat Rate.

## SHOW OPTIONS

* -t, --tracks:
	Show a list of Track IDs for each Task.

## GENERAL OPTIONS

* -h, --help:
	Displays the help page.

## EXAMPLES

```
timr task
timr task abcd12
timr task show abcd12
timr task set --name 'task_x' --estimation '2h 30m'
timr task set --billed --hourly-rate 50 --flat-rate abcd12
timr task set --unbilled --no-hourly-rate --no-flat-rate abcd12
timr task add --name 'task_z' --estimation 4h \
	--hourly-rate 50 --flat-rate
timr task add --id T800 --name 'Model 101'
timr task remove T800
timr task remove abcd12
```

## FOREIGN ID EXAMPLE

```
timr task add --id t800 --name Terminator1
timr task set --name Terminator2 t800
timr task remove t800
```

## MAN UNITS

- 8 hours are 1 man-day.
- 5 man-days are 1 man-week, and so on.

## BILLED/UNBILLED

Set a Task as `billed` or `unbilled` to know which Task you already billed a client.

If a whole Task gets billed/unbilled all Tracks are changed to billed/unbilled. Each Track has a flag `is_billed`.

## API REFERENCE

<https://timr.fox21.at/api/TheFox/Timr/Command/TaskCommand.html>

## SEE ALSO

timr-track(1), timr-ftime(7)
