timr-report(1) -- Export Tasks and Tracks.
===

## SYNOPSIS

timr report [<options>]

## DESCRIPTION

This command is designed to print a list of Tasks or Tracks to STDOUT and to export Tasks and Tracks as CSV files. While this command is similar to timr-log(1), the main focus is exporting Tasks/Tracks as CSV file for further processing.

## OPTIONS

* -d, --day <date>:
	A single day from 00:00 to 23:59. See timr-ftime(7).

* -m, --month <[YYYY-]MM>:
	A single month from 01 to 31.

* -y, --year [<YYYY>]:
	A single year from 01-01 to 12-31.

* -a, --all:
	Export all.

* --tasks :
	Export Tasks (default)

* --tracks:
	Export Tracks

* --billed:
	Filter only Tasks/Tracks which are billed.

* --unbilled:
	Filter only Tasks/Tracks which are not billed.

* --format:
	See TASK FORMAT and TRACK FORMAT section.

* --csv <path>:
	Export as CSV file. Use `--csv -` to use STDOUT.

* --force :
	Force overwrite file.

* -h, --help:
	Displays the help page.

## EXAMPLES

```
timr report
timr report --day 2017-01-02
timr report --day 2017-01-02 --csv timr_report_20170102.csv
timr report --day 2017-01-02 --csv timr_report_20170102.csv --tracks
timr report --month 2017-01 --csv timr_report_201701.csv
timr report --year 2017 --csv timr_report_2017.csv
timr report --all --csv timr_report_all.csv
timr report --format '- %id'
timr report --tracks --format '- %Tsid %sid %t'
timr report --tracks --all --billed
timr report --tracks --all --unbilled
timr report --tasks --all
timr report --tasks --all --billed
timr report --tasks --all --unbilled
```

## TASK TABLE COLUMNS

* START:
	Task Start Date

* END:
	Task End Date

* DUR:
	Total Task Duration

* UNB:
	Unbilled Task Duration

* TASK:
	Task ID and Name.

## TRACK TABLE COLUMNS

* START:
	Task Start Date

* END:
	Task End Date

* DUR:
	Task Duration

* TASK:
	Task ID

* TRACK:
	Track ID and Name.

## TASK CSV COLUMNS

* ROW_NO:
	Sequential CSV file row number.

* TASK_ID:
	Task ID

* TASK_FOREIGN_ID:
	Foreign Task ID

* TASK_NAME:
	Task Name

* TASK_BEGIN_DATETIME:
	Begin DateTime of the first Track.

* TASK_END_DATETIME:
	End DateTime of the last Track.

* TASK_DURATION_HUMAN:
	Task Duration in human format. See timr-ftime(7).

* TASK_DURATION_SECONDS:
	Task Duration in seconds.

* TASK_ESTIMATION_HUMAN

* TASK_ESTIMATION_SECONDS

* TASK_REMAINING_TIME_HUMAN

* TASK_REMAINING_TIME_SECONDS

* TASK_BILLED_DURATION_HUMAN:
	Billed Task Duration in human format. See timr-ftime(7).

* TASK_BILLED_DURATION_SECONDS:
	Billed Task Duration in seconds.

* TASK_UNBILLED_DURATION_HUMAN:
	Unbilled Task Duration in human format. See timr-ftime(7).

* TASK_UNBILLED_DURATION_SECONDS:
	Unbilled Task Duration in seconds.

* TASK_TRACK_COUNT:
	Task Track count.

* TASK_BILLED_TRACK_COUNT:
	Task Billed Track count.

* TASK_UNBILLED_TRACK_COUNT:
	Task Unbilled Track count.

## TRACK CSV COLUMNS

* ROW_NO:
	Sequential CSV file row number.

* TASK_ID:
	Task ID

* TASK_NAME:
	Task Name

* TRACK_ID:
	Track ID

* TRACK_TITLE:
	Track Title

* TRACK_BEGIN_DATETIME:
	Begin DateTime

* TRACK_END_DATETIME:
	End DateTime

* TRACK_DURATION_HUMAN:
	Track Duration in human format. See timr-ftime(7).

* TRACK_DURATION_SECONDS:
	Track Duration in seconds.

* TRACK_BILLED_DURATION_HUMAN:
	Billed Track Duration in human format. See timr-ftime(7).

* TRACK_BILLED_DURATION_SECONDS:
	Billed Track Duration in seconds.

* TRACK_UNBILLED_DURATION_HUMAN:
	Unbilled Track Duration in human format. See timr-ftime(7).

* TRACK_UNBILLED_DURATION_SECONDS:
	Unbilled Track Duration in seconds.

* TRACK_IS_BILLED

The last row in CSV files is always the total sum.

## TASK FORMAT

* %id:
	ID

* %sid:
	Short ID

* %fid:
	Foreign ID

* %n:
	Name

* %d:
	Description

* %ds:
	Duration Seconds

* %dh:
	Duration Human Format

## TRACK FORMAT

* %id:
	ID

* %sid:
	Short ID

* %t:
	Title generated from message.

* %m:
	Message

* %bdt:
	Begin DateTime

* %bd:
	Begin Date

* %bt:
	Begin Time

* %edt:
	End DateTime

* %ed:
	End Date

* %et:
	End Time

* %ds:
	Duration Seconds

* %dh:
	Duration Human Format

* %bi:
	Billed Integer

* %bh:
	Billed Human Format (YES, NO)

Use `%T` prefix for each Task attribute for Track formatting. For example use `%Tid` to use the Task ID.

## API REFERENCE

<https://timr.fox21.at/api/TheFox/Timr/Command/ReportCommand.html>

## SEE ALSO

timr-log(1), timr-ftime(7)
