timr(1) -- Time Tracking for Hackers.
===

## SYNOPSIS

timr [-V|--version] [-h|--help] [-C <path>] <command> [<args>]

## OPTIONS

* -V, --version:
	Show version.

* -h, --help:
	Show help.

* -C <path>:
	Set path to the project base directory. Default: ~/.timr/defaultc

## DESCRIPTION

Timr is a time tracking tool for the Command-line, written in Ruby. You can track your time spent for a specific project. The main focus of this tool is to use it on the Command-line and make automatic reports. All data are stored in YAML files. So editing can also be done by using your favorite editor.

## COMMANDS

* timr-start(1)
* timr-stop(1)
* timr-pause(1)
* timr-continue(1)
* timr-push(1)
* timr-pop(1)
* timr-status(1)
* timr-log(1)
* timr-task(1)
* timr-track(1)
* timr-report(1)

## MISCELLANEOUS

* timr-ftime(7)

## ONLINE RESCOURCES

- [Homepage](https://timr.fox21.at/)
- [API Reference Mainpage](https://timr.fox21.at/api/)
- [Man pages](https://timr.fox21.at/man/timr.1.html)
- [Code Coverage](https://timr.fox21.at/coverage/)
- [GitHub Page](https://github.com/TheFox/timr)
- [RubyGems Page](https://rubygems.org/gems/timr)
- [Travis CI Repository](https://travis-ci.org/TheFox/timr)

## BUGS

Report bugs to

- the [GitHub issues tracker](https://github.com/TheFox/timr/issues)
- or via email to <christian@fox21.at>.

## AUTHOR

Timr was created by Christian Mayer.

## COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2016 [Christian Mayer](https://fox21.at)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
